if you are in the marketing automation
space it's great to look at the hubspots
of the world and try to
leverage that to gain insight but you
can also look at sites like wirecutter
you can look at any other property that
has been able to kill it from an seo
standpoint and reverse engineer what
gave them success one of the key
insights that i've
recognized is when you look at moz you
look at salesforce you look at hubspot a
lot of them
have been able to establish a lot of
traffic by simply creating glossary
sections of their websites
that's something that as an seo you
should be able to look at and say how
can i apply this to my industry if
you're a coffee company maybe you create
a glossary around the different phrases
that are interesting to
coffee if you are a plant company and
you're selling plants
create a glossary section on your site
that is dedicated to the bonsai trees to
the tulips to
any other plant i'm not a plant guy but
like a pineapple i think that we
oftentimes need to
not hesitate to also look at other
industries for inspiration
you